---
title: "my first ever lesson"
date: 2026-03-11
---

today i started out with counseling and rehab before getting gas and heading to the range. it was awesome, there was a light mist in the air when i got there, and when i walked in, he greets me in a super nice way and gives me some balls to warm up with. i hit the 60, 9, 7, 5, and driver where with driver i had a total carry of 297 with one swing which was cool. then i went in and he asked what my biggest complaint with my game that wasnt my inconsistency was to which i said was my slice and then we went straigh to it with me hitting balls. after two swings he stopped me and showed me why i was so inconsistent. if you look at the picture from the range session with marcus, you can see i come way on top of the ball and it turns out i was moving to the left and forward over the ball in my backswing and then moving away from the ball as i made contact which was really bad. turns out i just needed to rotate my hips to the right in my backswing and have a shorter backswing and then rotate my arms over in my downswing and that would fix all of my problems. the ball just doesnt go as far as it did before which is fine because he was having me swing at half speed. so happy that i did this and excited to improve even farther. my trajectory towards becoming a great golf player has come even closer which makes it worth it. i was sent home with a drill to do and instruction to do most of my practice on the range with my seven iron. 
