---
title: "my first birdie! kinda..."
date: 2026-03-10
---
today i played huron hills 7 again. wasnt really planning on it but the weather was nice so i decided to just go out there and make things happen. i was terrible with the driver with not a single fairway hit the whole 7 holes but irons were ok and wedges were solid except for one bad shot. as the title suggested, i got my first birdie today! kinda. its a little complicated how it worked but basically on hole 4 i hit my 3 wood off the tee straight to the train tracks on the left and oob so i reteed it and drove the green on my second shot. i then 2 putted and so i counted it as a breakfast ball and a birdie. the other technicality of it all is that the hole is played as either a par 3 or par 4 depending on where you look. the tee box marker says par 3 but 18 birdies says par 4. the scorecard says it can be a par 3 or 4 whichever you want. i blew up on the next hole hitting back to back drives into the water and then chunking my pitching wedge like 20 yards to result in a triple i believe. 
for my lesson tomorrow i am making a list of all the things i need to improve upon. first is the driver where i need to be more consistent with my contact so i actually hit it in the air every time as well as i need to lock in my not slicing of it while on the course. for my woods i need to be more consistent with my contact so it doesnt go oob. for my hybrid i need to make it so it doesnt go right, everything about that club is going well though. irons need consistent ball striking and better aim, better dispersion. wedges i just need to figure out how to use them entirely where im basically just guessing right now. a lot for one lesson. we're gonna figure out what to focus on and just do that. 
